Replacing "defaultVolumesToRestic" with "defaultVolumesToFsBackup" (#66083)
openshift/openshift-docs: backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/oadp-backing-up-applications-restic-doc.adoc

    velero.io/storage-location: default
  namespace: openshift-adp
spec:
  defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true <1>
...
----

> <1> OADP 1.2 and later: Add `defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` to the `spec` block. OADP 1.1: Add `defaultVolumesToRestic: true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> In OADP version 1.2 and later, add the `defaultVolumesToFsBackup: true` setting within the `spec` block. For OADP version 1.1, add `defaultVolumesToRestic: true`.
```
